
Version 1.0 Alpha3 of: HotJava(tm) and the Java(tm) language 

Developed by Sun Microsystems, Inc. 
2550 Garcia Avenue 
Mountain View, California 94043 

Copyright © 1994, 1995, Sun Microsystems, Inc. 

Copyright and License Information

The HotJava(tm) and Java(tm) software, both binary and source (hereafter,
Software) is copyrighted by Sun Microsystems, Inc.  Copyright (c) 1992-1995 Sun
Microsystems, Inc. All Rights Reserved. HotJava, Java, and the "Duke" character
are trademarks of Sun Microsystems, Inc.

Sun grants to you ("Licensee") a non-exclusive license to use the Software for
academic, research and internal business purposes only, without fee. Licensee
may distribute the binary and source code to third parties provided that the
copyright notice and this statement appears on all copies and that no charge is
associated with such copies. Licensee agrees that the copyright notice and this
statement will appear on all copies of the Software, or portions thereof. Sun
retains exclusive ownership of the software.

Licensee may make derivatives of the Software, provided that such derivatives
can only be used for the purposes specified in the license grant above, and
further provided that no modifications are made to the published interfaces.

Any Licensee wishing to make commercial use of the Software should contact Sun
to negotiate an appropriate license for such commercial use. The term
"commercial use" includes (1) integration of all or part of the source code
into a product for sale or license by or on behalf of Licensee to third
parties, or (2) distribution of the binary code or source code to third parties
that need it for a commercial product sold or licensed by or on behalf of
Licensee. Commercial distribution of the binary code or source code of any
content developed by or on behalf of Licensee using the Software, provided that
the Software has not been modified in any manner and that no portions of the
Software are included in such distribution, is permitted without fee.

RESTRICTED RIGHTS: Use, duplication or disclosure by the government is subject
to the restrictions as set forth in subparagraph (c) (1) (ii) of the Rights in
Technical Data and Computer Software Clause as DFARS 252.227-7013 and FAR
52.227-19.

SUN MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES ABOUT THE SUITABILITY OF THE
SOFTWARE, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, OR
NON-INFRINGEMENT. SUN SHALL NOT BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES SUFFERED BY LICENSEE
AS A RESULT OF USING, MODIFYING OR DISTRIBUTING THIS SOFTWARE OR ITS
DERIVATIVES.

By using or copying this Software, Licensee agrees to abide by the intellectual
property laws, and all other applicable laws of the U.S., and the terms of this
license.

Sun shall have the right to terminate this license immediately by written
notice upon Licensee's breach of, or non-compliance with, any of its
terms. Licensee may be held legally responsible for any infringement that is
caused or encouraged by Licensee's failure to abide by the terms of this
license.

For more information or comments, send mail to: java@java.sun.com. 
